[Music]
hello you guys it's me miss Nick aka
Nikki 302 63 and I just wanted to come
to you guys to share something that I
discussed on my blog with my blog
followers and just let you guys know a
little bit about what I have been using
on my hair as two three months I just
did this basically out of curiosity
because I really don't have a need for
trying to grow my hair I don't have a
problem going my hair it's basically
just something that I decided to do just
to see if it actually works I wasn't
doing having any breakage any um bald
spots this fried snow that kind of stuff
but I just wanted to try it out and see
how it you know I worked as a product I
think it was New Year's Day we were
sitting around the table
I'm just talking about hair and all that
kind of stuff you know something that I
strode through every now and then and my
own was saying how she had lost a lot of
hair around the edges of her head from
so winds and braiding and all that kind
of stuff you know thighs that put a lot
of tension on your hair and she was
saying how she started using do girl
products and how once she started to
drop do girl products that her hair just
started to take off and my cousin
testify to say that you know I've used
it too and it does work so I just
decided out of curiosity in the hair
store when it stopped is one day and I
was looking for a shampoo for danger
because I do have like itchy scalp so I
wanted to try something different and
I'm kind of like a product junkie if I
see something that catches my eye like
we read this and let me try it out so I
went and I bought the do Grove tingling
growth ship free and I've been using
this on my hair since January and when I
first started using it my hair was right
here
as you can see it's grown tremendously
since I started using it and on my blog
you see where I show you guys how its
below the collarbone my collarbone is
right up here just below my collarbone
right here it's kind of got a little
bounce a little body to it from a body
wrap I did so I've been using that
particular product for about two months
now and about a month ago I went to the
hair store and I decided hmm
why don't I just start using on some
more other products just to see if I
could grow it faster so I want it but
moisturize and grown shampoo right here
I only paid $5.99 at the local beauty
supply store and I decided to get some
of the growth repair conditioner as well
to use so I'm using the tingling growth
shampoo I'll do that first however I may
feel and then I'll do motorized and girl
shampoo in the conditioner to follow and
these products have been working for me
my hair has grown tremendous and my
sister notice how my hair had grown from
the beginning if you check out the blog
you can see the pictures where I record
it where my hair started where it is now
I'm I having taken a picture since
because I really it's grown a little bit
since the last time I took a picture I
just hadn't took a picture I said I
wasn't gonna take another picture and so
after I finished using up all this
shampoo just to see where it grows so I
just wanted to share with you guys my do
girl challenge and I challenge anybody
who wants to grow their hair you know
basically just to speed the process up
to increase your hair growth if you have
breakage suffering from bald spots I
suggest you try the to grow products as
well as
the shampoo is the conditioners or
moisturizers I'm not using any of that
stuff and I'm just using a shampoo and
conditioners but if you want to give it
an extra boost try using a whole line it
works it works it works so until next
time peace and blessings
you